README.md, before:

cli-gitlab
===========
Forked from [node-gitlab](https://github.com/moul/node-gitlab)

Usage
=====
```bash
# Install from npm for global
npm install cli-gitlab -g
# You will see all command
gitlab --help
# For example
gitlab url "http://example.com"
gitlab token "abcdefghij123456"
gitlab me

{
  "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
  "bio": "",
  "can_create_group": true,
  "can_create_project": true,
  "color_scheme_id": 1,
  "created_at": "2014-08-06T03:30:19.417Z",
  "email": "jun.cao@baidao.com",
  "extern_uid": null,
  "id": 9,
  "is_admin": false,
  "linkedin": "",
  "name": "Cao Jun",
  "private_token": "6Xvkd6jicJwTq3rYWKsq",
  "provider": null,
  "skype": "",
  "state": "active",
  "theme_id": 2,
  "twitter": "",
  "username": "mdsb100",
  "website_url": ""
}

```

[List of commands](https://github.com/mdsb100/cli-gitlab/blob/master/bin/map.coffee)
----------------
- groups
- showGroup
- showGroupProjects
- showGroupMembers
- issues
- createIssue
- editIssue
- showIssue
- keys
- getKey
- hooks
- showHook
- addHook
- updateHook
- removeHook
- projectIssues
- members
- showMember
- addMember
- removeMember
- mergeRequests
- showMergeRequest
- addMergeRequest
- updateMergeRequest
- commentMergeRequest
- milestones
- showMilestones
- addMilestones
- updateMilestones
- listBranches
- showBranch
- listTags
- listCommits
- showCommit
- diffCommit
- projects
- users
- me
- showUser
- session

Issues Usage
=============
```
gitlab issues --help

Usage: issues [options]

  Get all issues created by authenticated user. This function takes pagination parameters page and per_page to restrict the list of issues.

  Options:

    -h, --help                 output usage information
    -s, --state [state]        (optional) - Return all issues or just those that are opened or closed
    -l, --labels [labels]      (optional) - Comma-separated list of label names
    -o, --order_by [order_by]  (optional) - Return requests ordered by created_at or updated_at fields. Default is created_at
    -d, --sort [sort]          (optional) - Return requests sorted in asc or desc order. Default is desc
    -e, --per_page [per_page]  (optional) - The limit of list.
    -p, --page [page]          (optional) - The offset of list.

gitlab createIssue --help

Usage: createIssue [options] <projectId>

Creates a new project issue.If the operation is successful, 200 and the newly created issue is returned. If an error occurs, an error number and a message explaining the reason is returned.

Options:

  -h, --help                         output usage information
  -t, --title <title>                (required) - The title of an issue.
  -d, --description [desc]           (optional) - The description of an issue.
  -a, --assignee_id [assignee_id]    (optional) - The ID of a user to assign issue.
  -m, --milestone_id [milestone_id]  (optional) - The ID of a milestone to assign issue.
  -l, --labels [labels]              (optional) - Comma-separated label names for an issue.

gitlab createIssue 12 -t test -a 9

{
  "assignee": {
    "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
    "id": 9,
    "name": "Cao Jun",
    "state": "active",
    "username": "mdsb100"
  },
  "author": {
    "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
    "id": 9,
    "name": "Cao Jun",
    "state": "active",
    "username": "mdsb100"
  },
  "created_at": "2015-02-10T03:53:53.341Z",
  "description": null,
  "id": 807,
  "iid": 7,
  "labels": [
  ],
  "milestone": null,
  "project_id": 12,
  "state": "opened",
  "title": "test",
  "updated_at": "2015-02-10T03:53:53.341Z"
}


gitlab editIssue --help

Usage: editIssue [options] <projectId> <issueId>

Updates an existing project issue. This function is also used to mark an issue as closed.If the operation is successful, 200 and the updated issue is returned. If an error occurs, an error number and a message explaining the reason is returned.

Options:

  -h, --help                         output usage information
  -t, --title <title>                (required) - The title of an issue.
  -d, --description [desc]           (optional) - The description of an issue.
  -a, --assignee_id [assignee_id]    (optional) - The ID of a user to assign issue.
  -m, --milestone_id [milestone_id]  (optional) - The ID of a milestone to assign issue.
  -l, --labels [labels]              (optional) - Comma-separated label names for an issue.
  -s, --state_event [state_event]    (optional) - The state event of an issue ('close' to close issue and 'reopen' to reopen it).

gitlab editIssue 12 807 -t test_it -d totest

{
  "assignee": {
    "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
    "id": 9,
    "name": "Cao Jun",
    "state": "active",
    "username": "mdsb100"
  },
  "author": {
    "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
    "id": 9,
    "name": "Cao Jun",
    "state": "active",
    "username": "mdsb100"
  },
  "created_at": "2015-02-10T03:53:53.341Z",
  "description": "totest",
  "id": 807,
  "iid": 7,
  "labels": [
  ],
  "milestone": null,
  "project_id": 12,
  "state": "opened",
  "title": "test_it",
  "updated_at": "2015-02-10T04:03:35.287Z"
}

```

Contributors
------------

- [mdsb100](https://github.com/mdsb100)

Thank
------------

[Dave Irvine](https://github.com/dave-irvine)

License
-------

MIT

Changelog
------------
1.1.3(2015.2.10)
- Modify command of issues

1.1.2(2015.1.14)
- Add a map file.
- Refactor: Useinig a map to create commands.
- Add feature: projects > --tags, --commits, --branches and --tree.
- Init. Basal feature.

Commit message:

Fix editIssue, change "title" to optional.Update version to 1.1.4

README.md, after:

cli-gitlab
===========
Forked from [node-gitlab](https://github.com/moul/node-gitlab)

Usage
=====
```bash
# Install from npm for global
npm install cli-gitlab -g
# You will see all command
gitlab --help
# For example
gitlab url "http://example.com"
gitlab token "abcdefghij123456"
gitlab me

{
  "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
  "bio": "",
  "can_create_group": true,
  "can_create_project": true,
  "color_scheme_id": 1,
  "created_at": "2014-08-06T03:30:19.417Z",
  "email": "jun.cao@baidao.com",
  "extern_uid": null,
  "id": 9,
  "is_admin": false,
  "linkedin": "",
  "name": "Cao Jun",
  "private_token": "6Xvkd6jicJwTq3rYWKsq",
  "provider": null,
  "skype": "",
  "state": "active",
  "theme_id": 2,
  "twitter": "",
  "username": "mdsb100",
  "website_url": ""
}

```

[List of commands](https://github.com/mdsb100/cli-gitlab/blob/master/bin/map.coffee)
----------------
- groups
- showGroup
- showGroupProjects
- showGroupMembers
- issues
- createIssue
- editIssue
- showIssue
- keys
- getKey
- hooks
- showHook
- addHook
- updateHook
- removeHook
- projectIssues
- members
- showMember
- addMember
- removeMember
- mergeRequests
- showMergeRequest
- addMergeRequest
- updateMergeRequest
- commentMergeRequest
- milestones
- showMilestones
- addMilestones
- updateMilestones
- listBranches
- showBranch
- listTags
- listCommits
- showCommit
- diffCommit
- projects
- users
- me
- showUser
- session

## Refernce [issues](http://doc.gitlab.com/ce/api/issues.html)

Issues Usage
=============
```
gitlab issues --help

Usage: issues [options]

  Get all issues created by authenticated user. This function takes pagination parameters page and per_page to restrict the list of issues.

  Options:

    -h, --help                 output usage information
    -s, --state [state]        (optional) - Return all issues or just those that are opened or closed
    -l, --labels [labels]      (optional) - Comma-separated list of label names
    -o, --order_by [order_by]  (optional) - Return requests ordered by created_at or updated_at fields. Default is created_at
    -d, --sort [sort]          (optional) - Return requests sorted in asc or desc order. Default is desc
    -e, --per_page [per_page]  (optional) - The limit of list.
    -p, --page [page]          (optional) - The offset of list.

gitlab createIssue --help

Usage: createIssue [options] <projectId>

Creates a new project issue.If the operation is successful, 200 and the newly created issue is returned. If an error occurs, an error number and a message explaining the reason is returned.

Options:

  -h, --help                         output usage information
  -t, --title <title>                (required) - The title of an issue.
  -d, --description [desc]           (optional) - The description of an issue.
  -a, --assignee_id [assignee_id]    (optional) - The ID of a user to assign issue.
  -m, --milestone_id [milestone_id]  (optional) - The ID of a milestone to assign issue.
  -l, --labels [labels]              (optional) - Comma-separated label names for an issue.

gitlab createIssue 12 -t test -a 9

{
  "assignee": {
    "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
    "id": 9,
    "name": "Cao Jun",
    "state": "active",
    "username": "mdsb100"
  },
  "author": {
    "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
    "id": 9,
    "name": "Cao Jun",
    "state": "active",
    "username": "mdsb100"
  },
  "created_at": "2015-02-10T03:53:53.341Z",
  "description": null,
  "id": 807,
  "iid": 7,
  "labels": [
  ],
  "milestone": null,
  "project_id": 12,
  "state": "opened",
  "title": "test",
  "updated_at": "2015-02-10T03:53:53.341Z"
}


gitlab editIssue --help

Usage: editIssue [options] <projectId> <issueId>

Updates an existing project issue. This function is also used to mark an issue as closed.If the operation is successful, 200 and the updated issue is returned. If an error occurs, an error number and a message explaining the reason is returned.

Options:

  -h, --help                         output usage information
  -t, --title [title]                (optional) - The title of an issue.
  -d, --description [desc]           (optional) - The description of an issue.
  -a, --assignee_id [assignee_id]    (optional) - The ID of a user to assign issue.
  -m, --milestone_id [milestone_id]  (optional) - The ID of a milestone to assign issue.
  -l, --labels [labels]              (optional) - Comma-separated label names for an issue.
  -s, --state_event [state_event]    (optional) - The state event of an issue ('close' to close issue and 'reopen' to reopen it).

gitlab editIssue 12 807 -t test_it -d totest

{
  "assignee": {
    "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
    "id": 9,
    "name": "Cao Jun",
    "state": "active",
    "username": "mdsb100"
  },
  "author": {
    "avatar_url": "http://gitlab.baidao.com//uploads/user/avatar/9/764b89699bcc946e4239b04f28002ce9.jpeg",
    "id": 9,
    "name": "Cao Jun",
    "state": "active",
    "username": "mdsb100"
  },
  "created_at": "2015-02-10T03:53:53.341Z",
  "description": "totest",
  "id": 807,
  "iid": 7,
  "labels": [
  ],
  "milestone": null,
  "project_id": 12,
  "state": "opened",
  "title": "test_it",
  "updated_at": "2015-02-10T04:03:35.287Z"
}

```

Contributors
------------

- [mdsb100](https://github.com/mdsb100)

Thank
------------

[Dave Irvine](https://github.com/dave-irvine)

License
-------

MIT

Changelog
------------
1.1.4(2015.2.10)
- Fix editIssue, change "title" to optional.

1.1.3(2015.2.10)
- Modify command of issues.

1.1.2(2015.1.14)
- Add a map file.
- Refactor: Useinig a map to create commands.
- Add feature: projects > --tags, --commits, --branches and --tree.
- Init. Basal feature.
